Deprecate Recorded Future v1 (#12575)
demisto/content: Packs/Recorded_Future/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Recorded Future (Deprecated)

> - The ***Recorded Future*** integration is deprecated. Please use ***Recorded Future v2***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ***Recorded Future*** integration is deprecated. Use ***Recorded Future v2*** from <pack name> pack.
```

> - The ***Recorded Future*** integration is deprecated. Use ***Recorded Future v2*** from RecordedFuture pack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The ***Recorded Future*** integration is deprecated. Use ***Recorded Future v2*** from the RecordedFuture pack.
```
